[CAR ACCELERATING]
[GROANING]
[GROANS]
[KNOCKING]
[CAR DOORS SHUTTING]
[THUD]
[CLATTERING]
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
[PANICKED GASPS]
[THUD]
[ELECTRICAL HUM]
[CRYING SOFTLY] Please
let me out! Please let me out!
[SHOVELLING]
[MIRLINDA'S PANICKED BREATHS]
- [QUIET VOICES]
- [SHOVELLING CONTINUES]
[Mirlinda gasping and sobbing]
[KOBA]
Luan did this to her.
- Don't forget.
- [MIRLINDA] Let me out!
Somebody!
Somebody help me!
Help me!
[CRIES FADE]
[DRAMATIC MUSIC GROWS LOUDER]
Let me out!
[BANGING]
[SCREAMS] Luan!
Get me out!
Luan!
Babi!
Babi! Babi!
Look.
Is Mummy really
coming home today?
Of course. Bukoreshe.
She cannot wait to see you.
[INDISTINCT SPEECH IN ALBANIAN]
She's coming. trust me.
[LUAN]
Where is she?
Not here. Obviously.
You broke our agreement.
- Marian got away.
- Nothing to do with me.
Someone must have
helped her.
Not my men.
Koba. please.
I knew nothing about it.
It's a shame. man.
I gave you a chance.
you messed it up.
Now look.
[KOBA]
She has enough air for now.
[VOICE TREMBLING] I'll give you
everything I have. please.
Please give me my wife.
Please. Koba.
[SOBBING]
Gather your guys.
Everyone loyal to you.
Tell them. "Fuck Marian Wallace.
you work for Koba now."
- I'll do that.
- Buy from me. give a cut to me.
and anywhere in this city
you find disloyalty.
you bring them to me.
Call a meeting. Tonight.
I want everyone there.
Come with your men.
State all this publicly and
I will give you her location.
[LUAN] Oh. please. that's going
to be hours away. Eddie!
Luan.
Have faith in her. Luan.
Do we have a deal?
- Do we have a deal?
- Yeah.
Good.
See you then.
Let's go.
[LUAN SOBBING]
[CRYING]
[SINGER] You are the only one
who has a foot in both camps.
I don't care what your plan is.
Sean Wallace
will set this city on fire.
I'm not waiting around
to get burned.
You've had two days.
so get me out.
Sean is volatile. For now.
that's what makes him useful.
Sends a message that
this city is no longer viable.
I mean. London.
with Sean Wallace at the helm.
Would you invest?
[TUBE TRAIN RUMBLING]
And what happens when he gets
cocky. stops taking orders?
Then I'll need someone in play
to keep him in line.
Someone with experience
who understands how he thinks.
No. No fucking way.
Fuck that. fuck you.
- I'm not interested.
- Think... about it. Carter.
Koba's asking questions.
and it's my neck on the line.
Maybe I'm tired
of protecting Sean Wallace.
Maybe next time Koba asks.
I'll tell him exactly
who's been targeting his men.
We both know you wouldn't.
In exchange for
my father's safety. I would.
I'd tell Koba and the Investors
exactly what you're planning
and with who.
So... Get. Me. Out.
Okay. I'll make arrangements.
I'll need that data chip.
please.
[PHONE VIBRATES]
[ELLIOT]
I'll bring it.
You're making a mistake.
you know.
This is a chance
to change this city.
No.
There's nothing here for me.
Go on. Danny!
[ED]
Oh. yes. Go on. son!
[MAN]
Go on. get him!
- [CHEERING]
- Come on!
[ED LAUGHING]
Oh. good.
- Thanks for coming.
- I'm glad you called.
[SHANNON] Well. I'm just doing
what's best for Danny.
- Shannon...
- Don't. Dad.
[MAN]
Get your head up! Shoot...
That's a bit modern for you.
The tie.
It's Alex's.
I failed you both
and I'm sorry.
[GUN COCKING]
Take me to Mirlinda.
[SHALLOW BREATHS]
Luan. believe me. I didn't know
what Koba was planning.
Really?
Then what have you done when
Koba put my wife in the ground?
If you do this.
he will not stop.
He'll come
for your whole family.
That's my wife!
My wife!
[LUAN]
They took everything from you.
Your power.
Your principles.
And then your son.
When will you fight back?
[RAINING]
Where is she?
Mirlinda!
[Mirlinda]
Luan!
[SOBBING]
[BANGING]
[SOBBING. PANICKED BREATHS]
[CRIES OUT]
Luan.
Luan!
[LUAN]
Mirlinda!
[GASPING AND SOBBING]
No!
[TAMAZ]
What? He didn't tell you?
We were tracking
the phone all along.
[CRIES OUT]
[LUAN GASPING]
[ROARS]
Aargh!
[LUAN GASPING]
[THUD AS SOIL CLATTERS]
[GASPING]
[WATER RUSHING]
Luan!
[WATER DRIPPING]
[MOANING]
[BABY CRYING]
[SIGHS]
[CRYING STOPS]
[SHUSHING]
Someone's got to the money.
Half the accounts
have been emptied.
- What are you talking about?
- There's only 500 million left.
- That's a third of what we had.
- No. no. no.
It's our money.
We're fucked without it.
Um...
There might be a way that I can
save the rest of the funds.
[MARIAN] Thanks for handling
those payments for me.
but the situation has changed.
- Sean's alive. He's in London.
- What?
[MARIAN] He's planning
on taking the city back.
- I'm going to need your help.
- What?
- Anything to drink?
- Er. water. please.
But does he know about us.
that you got me out?
No. And I think
we should keep it that way.
Yeah.
I need you to go to this lawyer.
Rutherford.
and secure
the last of our money.
He's on a flight at 4pm
so you need to hurry.
- Why me?
- He won't see you coming.
When I visited you inside.
you told me you were ready
to build something of your own
for you. for Danny.
You've proved yourself tenfold.
What they did to Alex
is the reason you keep fighting.
Till you're the one
calling the shots.
Marian...
[CLEARS THROAT]
If I decide to do this.
I need to know that Danny
and my dad will be safe.
Of course.
Our deal still stands.
No matter what Sean decides.
You have my word.
Okay.
[MUFFLED CHATTER]
[DOOR CLOSES]
[MAN]
How can I help. Ms. Dumani?
[SHANNON] I need you
to look at an account.
[SHE CLEARS THROAT]
It's one of four
Bradbury Holdings accounts.
I'm sorry. but I know nothing
about that account.
Really?
Then why are you doing a runner?
Please.
I told Asif Afridi all I know...
I'm not here
on Mr. Afridi's behalf.
I'm sorry. I can't help you.
I think you'll find a way.
[ASIF] I think the lawyer
is holding out on us.
But don't worry.
we have retrieved the majority.
Just 500 million remaining.
I have someone on the case.
[CREAKING]
[CLATTER]
[PHONE RINGING]
[WHISPERS]
Fuck!
Shannon!
Mr. Rutherford.
I've got the Bermuda...
- No. No.
- The fuck are you doing?
Get off me!
We need to get out of here.
Like I'm going
anywhere with you.
- Do you have a better option?
- [SHANNON BREATHLESS]
[ELLIOT]
Come on.
Go.
[TYRES SCREECHING]
[ELLIOT]
Rutherford was my mark.
[SHANNON] He's dead
so you should be happy.
Not when you left
a witness out there.
But if you hadn't 'helped'
there wouldn't be a problem.
Why are you doing this?
Danny needs you.
- What you risking this for?
- Everything I do is for Danny.
Doesn't look like it from here.
You don't get
the moral high ground.
But I don't want to see you
and Danny hurt either.
You walked into our life.
convinced my son
you were sticking around.
So your kid not having a dad
is my fault now?
Wow!
[SIGHS]
Let me out the car. Elliot.
- Shannon. I'm sorry...
- You failed your own family.
Don't you dare
tell me how to protect mine.
You don't know anything
about my family!
You're right. You're a fucking
stranger. So let me out.
- No.
- Let me out now!
Not until you tell me
why you killed him!
- What are you doing?
- Ow!
Sorry. Just... Stop it!
[LOCK RELEASES]
[ELLIOT]
It was never a lie.
With you and Danny.
- I wanted to come with you.
- Yeah. but you didn't.
Why didn't you?
[MISS KANE] You have
a chance to save their lives.
[MAN RECITING PRAYER IN ARABIC]
Allahu akbar!
Allahu akbar! Allahu akbar!
[PRAYER CONTINUES]
[CRYING]
Saba.
What do you want?
Cuz. you know
you can't be in there.
I know. I just didn't want
my last memory to...
[FAZ SHUSHING]
Not a single man in there
loves him as much as I do.
- I know.
- And I can't be in there?
Trust me. I know this.
He's gone now.
Yeah. well.
what am I gonna do?
Now that he's gone.
[TALKING INDISTINCTLY]
[QUIET SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC]
- What do you want. Saba?
- I want to stay here.
I need to finish my studies.
Hakim.
I can be useful to you.
I promise.
I don't need a waitress.
I can do deliveries.
Faz will show me.
Come on. I'm a fast learner
and I won't get stopped and
searched as much as the boys.
Okay.
- We'll see how it goes.
- Thank you.
I loved Basem too as well.
you know.
That man practically raised me.
and you know that.
We're gonna find out
who shot Basem.
and they're gonna pay.
I promise you.
Allah.
[ECHOING THUD]
[BUZZING]
[LALE] Koba's called Merwan
to a meeting tonight.
We're tired of that lunatic
running things.
My comrades want to know
when we're receiving the money.
- Merwan has...
- Soon.
'Soon' is not a time.
My mother's contacting
her sources.
Tell your comrades to wait.
I won't let you down.
I promise.
- I'm sorry. Billy.
- I know.
You had to.
[BABY CRYING]
If there was another way...
I'd have taken it.
It's all their fault.
Mum and Dad's.
Can't escape. being a Wallace.
What if I'm not good enough?
You are good enough.
Look. what would Dad do?
Cut a deal with the most
powerful man in the room.
- And slowly bleed him dry.
- This is gonna take time.
But I haven't got time.
And I'm not Dad.
- Stop trying to be.
- [BABY CRYING]
You've been preparing for this
your whole life.
You can do it. your way.
Thank you.
[KEYS JANGLING]
[ELLIOT]
What are you doing here?
You weren't answering
your phone.
- What happened with the lawyer?
- I sorted it.
We had to deal with a witness.
She filed a police report.
The report mentioned
two assailants.
Don't push us. Elliot.
You are not indispensable.
[PHONE VIBRATING]
[SINGER] Arrangements have
been made. You leave tomorrow.
Unless something's changed
since this morning?
- No. No. nothing's changed.
- Good. bring my chip.
[HEAVY DOOR OPENS]
[DOOR CLOSES]
[APPROACHING FOOTSTEPS]
[DOOR OPENS THEN CLOSES]
Be better than us.
[BABY BEGINS TO CRY]
[DOOR OPENING]
- [CRYING CONTINUES]
- [ECHO OF DOOR CLOSING]
[DOOR OPENS]
- [DOOR CLOSES]
- Where's Roze?
I took her away.
Somewhere safe.
You had no right to do that.
She was my responsibility.
Exactly. I had to keep her safe
from you. Mum.
I see.
[SINGER]
You were right.
Elliot's confirmed that Koba is
meeting with the gangs tonight.
II of the bosses will be there.
What are you thinking. Sean?
[VOICES MURMURING]
Gather everyone.
We hit Koba tonight.
We strike all his strongholds
simultaneously.
Eight teams take down
his entire network.
[SEAN] I want you
to coordinate the attack.
Okay?
[AGITATED CONVERSATIONS]
You were right.
I need to do things my way.
What can I do?
[COCKS GUN]
All right. Go.
Let's move out!
[ENGINE STARTS]
[OTHER ENGINES START]
[FAZ. LAUGHING] It's easy. cuz.
Don't sweat it.
[LAUGHING] Fuck off!
The GPS tells you
where to go anyway.
Customer's there waiting.
Just like delivering a pizza.
but with drugs.
Plus. there's perks to it.
- [LAUGHS]
- Hm. like what?
Like you get
to hang out with me.
[LAUGHING] Dickhead!
[KOBA]
Algerians. Vietnamese.
Albanians. Somalis.
Turkish. the Chinese
and Kurds.
Thank you all for joining me.
I was hoping to gather us today
with good news.
To show you a man who had
finally made the right choice.
[QUIET SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC]
Unfortunately. I'm now
showing you two men that didn't.
What the fuck. Edward?
Thankfully. someone else
has stepped in for you.
[LUAN GROANING]
You... traitor!
You fucking traitor!
[SABA] Are you sure
this is the right place though?
[FAZ]
It's what it says on the GPS.
[SABA]
Looks like everyone's been sent
the same delivery address.
- [LUAN] You fucking traitor!
- [KOBA] Don't criticize Afrim!
He cooperated.
His wife will not die.
Tamaz. please.
Get me out!
Get me out of here!
[SCREAMS]
[LUAN SOBBING]
[MIRLINDA]
Motherfucker!
- Motherfucker!
- [LUAN SOBBING]
[ED]
Enough!
If you're going to kill us.
get on with it.
[SABA]
Is this car one of ours?
- Hey. Faz.
- What you doing here. bro?
Why we all here?
[CRIES OUT]
This is about making
a vital point. Eddie.
[LUAN COUGHING
AND SPLUTTERING]
I am building something
great in this city.
[KOBA] Those who cooperate
will see the benefits.
But those who insult me...
- Got an order.
- What?
[GUNFIRE]
[SHOUTING]
[BANGING ON DOOR]
[PANICKED SHOUTING]
[ALARM BELL RINGING]
[GROANING]
[KOBA]
Who is it?
[ALARM BELL RINGING]
[DISTANT VOICES SHOUTING]
Come out.
[LUAN] Wait! Wait! Wait! Wait!
Wait! Wait! Wait! Wait!
- Help me. please.
- [ED] No.
- Go!
- [LUAN] We must take Ed.
[ROARS]
[EXPLOSION]
[REPORTER] Police are unable
to confirm the cause
f multiple explosions and fires
that have rocked
the city tonight.
Reports of gunfire
and armed street battles
suggest the return
of gang warfare to the capital.
One eyewitness
described the scene
to our reporter
with these words:
"London is on fire."
[HELICOPTER WHIRRING]
[FIRE CRACKLING]
Move. move!
Move. move. move. move!
On your knees!
I need you to deliver
a message to Koba.
Tell him tonight
was just the start.
Tell him Sean Wallace
is coming for him
and everything he touches.
[WHISPERS]
I'm taking London back.
[HELICOPTER WHIRRING]
[CREAKING]
[THUD]
[SOBBING]
[THUNDER RUMBLING]
[CRIES OUT]
[MIRLINDA COUGHS]
[HE ROARS]
[MIRLINDA CRYING]
It's okay.
[BOTH SOBBING]
[COUGHING]
[RAIN CONTINUING]